Yeah, you're right. We're about to get divorced. So I don't owe you an explanation. What do you think you're doing?
Show your phone. Let me see your phone. Who's texting you this late at night?
Must be Vivian, right? It's just work
What do you think you're doing? I'm not like you my phone full of important company information
Now your boundaries
My phone is full of important company information. Know your boundaries
You're you're throwing my own words back at me
Hey, you've never treated me like this before. What's with you?
Sure
You used to be able to take advantage of my feelings. Would you ever treat Vivian like this?
I would never treat Vivian like this. I
Just can't I can't keep doing this anymore. I'm moving out doing it and right